Documented the database vacuumn necessities. (#516)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/2.7.4/docs/canton/usermanual/upgrading.rst

allows to change the database schema. How long the migration takes depends on the version
of the binary (see migration notes), the size of the database and the performance of the database server.

> Before starting your node, we recommend that you clean-up your database. On Postgres, you would run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before starting your node, we recommend that you clean-up your database. On Postgres, please run
```
```suggestion
Before starting your node, we recommend that you clean-up your database. On Postgres, please run
```
I know the documentation team prefers a more direct style

Reviewer: Closing because Carrie's comments supersede mine

* The ``ContractKeyNotVisible`` error (previously encapsulated by ``GenericInterpretationError``) is now transformed into a ``ContractKeyNotFound`` to avoid information leaking.

Upgrade to Release 2.6
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Version 2.6 will change the database schema used. Therefore, you will have to perform the
database migration steps. Please note that depending on the size of the database, this operation can take many hours. 

> Ensure that before starting your nodes, you vacuum your database to avoid long startup times. The participant 
> node will refuse to startup due to initially extremely long database response times otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that before starting your nodes, you vacuum your database to avoid long startup times. Otherwise, the participant 
node will refuse to start due to extremely long initial database response times.
```

Reviewer: Closing because Carrie's comments supersede mine
